用kindle的个人文档服务给自己发文件的注意事项

Sending Personal Documents to Kindle Devices You and your approved contacts can send a personal document to your Kindle by e-mailing it to your Send-to-Kindle e-mail address. You must ensure that: You have approved the sender's e-mail address Learn More You gave the sender your Send-to-Kindle e-mail address Learn more Your document is a supported file type. Learn More Once you have confirmed the above you can send your personal documents wirelessly to your Kindle via e-mail (e.g. [name]@kindle.com) as follows: Attach your document to a new e-mail or forward an existing e-mail that has a document attached. A subject is not necessary in the e-mail. If your document is a PDF and you want to convert PDF to the Kindle format then simply add "convert" in the subject line of the e-mail. Send the e-mail to your Send-to-Kindle e-mail address for wireless delivery directly to your Kindle. Personal documents in supported file formats smaller than 5 MB are typically delivered to your Kindle, within five minutes (per document) if your Kindle's wireless is connected. Personal documents larger than 5 MB may take longer. Personal documents in some file formats (such as PDF files) may take longer. Your e-mail provider may have additional limitations on file size. Keep in mind: The file size of each attached personal document must be 50MB or less (before compression in a ZIP file). The submitted e-mail must contain no more than 25 attached personal documents. The submitted e-mail must target less than 15 distinct Send-to-Kindle e-mail addresses. The attached personal document must be a supported file type. Learn more If you choose to archive your documents, then your documents will continue to be stored in your Kindle library until you delete them from Manage Your Kindle. If you choose to not archive your documents and your Kindle is not connected wirelessly, we store your document for 60 days and attempt to deliver to your Kindle once it restores wireless connectivity. Personal documents not delivered within this time period will be deleted. http://www.amazon.com/gp/help/customer/display.html/ref=hp\_pdoc\_main\_short\_us?nodeId=200767340

2011-11-30