# Feeling Chiang Mai

最初贴在 [这里](http://lvsblog87654321.spaces.live.com/blog/cns!F7D64100C14DB038!287.entry) Today is the Chinese Valentine's Day, and I'm now in Chiang Mai, the north capital of Thailand. Unlike Bangkok, Chiang Mai is a tranquil small place with many historic relics and temples, but no traffic. Here is a bit similar to Lijiang, with Mae Ping River flowing across, and mountains surrounding by. The national treasure of Thailand, the Jade Budda was found near Chiang Mai and had been worshiped here for hundreds of years. I'm really enchanted by the tone of Thai language, which sounds soft and DIA. People here in Chiang Mai speak the softest language in the world. If I were a man, I'd probably have melted in the tone spoken by Chiang Mai women. The hotel I'm staying is just beside the Mae Ping river. Looking from the 23rd floor window, I can get a birdview of the whole city. You can see tree-covered temple towers, and fog-veiled mountains in the distance. Yep, just like paradise... In the evening, it began to rain hard. when I went out for dinner with my bosses, the rain didn't stop though. We dined at a Thai restaurant called "Gallery" which locates besides the river. It's really pleasant to dine in the corridor, listening to the raindrops hit against big tropical leaves with Mae Ping river quietly flowing beside. Influenced by the atomasphere, my big boss, who is in his 60s, began to talk about his romance when he was young. He told me that the crux of marriage lies in YUANFEN (the Chemistry). He fell in love with his wife at first sight and got married 10 months later. In retrospect, he concluded his success into YUNQI. In fact, YUN(the luck) which has a walkie leg under the letter of cloud in Chinese, is unpredictable. Whereas the CHI lies within ourselves. Only when CHI and YUN met with each other can one become lucky and happy... The forecourt of the restaurant is an art gallery selling local wooden statues and handmade souvenirs. Someone is playing classic Thai music, which sounds very MIMI. Suddenly I feel very peaceful and comfortable, the feelings that I haven't experienced for a long time. Hope the CHI and the Chemistry will come back to me soon...

2006-09-05