布雷顿森林 是 bretton woods

## 布雷顿森林协定 > 维基百科，自由的百科全书 > > 布雷顿森林协定（英语：Bretton Woods Agreements）是第二次世界大战后以美元为中心的国际货币体系协定。布雷顿森林体系（Bretton Woods system）是该协定对各国就货币的兑换、国际收支的调节、国际储备资产的构成等问题共同作出的安排所确定的规则、采取的措施及相应的组织机构形式的总和。 > ## 英文 Bretton Woods system >From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia > > >The Bretton Woods system of monetary management established the rules for commercial and financial relations among the world's major industrial states. The Bretton Woods system was the first example of a fully negotiated monetary order intended to govern monetary relations among independent nation-states. > >Preparing to rebuild the international economic system as World War II was still raging, 730 delegates from all 44 Allied nations gathered at the Mount Washington Hotel in Bretton Woods, New Hampshire, United States, for the United Nations Monetary and Financial Conference. The delegates deliberated upon and signed the Bretton Woods Agreements during the first three weeks of July 1944. > >Setting up a system of rules, institutions, and procedures to regulate the international monetary system, the planners at Bretton Woods established the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) (now one of five institutions in the World Bank Group) and the International Monetary Fund (IMF). These organizations became operational in 1945 after a sufficient number of countries had ratified the agreement. > >The chief features of the Bretton Woods system were an obligation for each country to adopt a monetary policy that maintained the exchange rate of its currency within a fixed value—plus or minus one percent—in terms of gold and the ability of the IMF to bridge temporary imbalances of payments. In the face of increasing strain, the system collapsed in 1971, following the United States' suspension of convertibility from dollars to gold. This created the unique situation whereby the United States dollar became the "reserve currency" for the nation-states which had signed the agreement. >

2008-10-31